#labels Featured
==3.1.0==
===Released: September 05, 2012===
  * Fix for [http://code.google.com/p/gwt-earth-3/issues/detail?id=12 Issue 12 - Can not display 2 GoogleEarthWidgets]
This release contains a fix for the critical issue where it was not possible to display 2 or more {{{GoogleEarthWidget}}} instances without chaining their {{{onInitSuccess()}}} methods. 

  * The ID of the DIV that contains the GE plugin is now exposed via the new method: {{{GoogleEarthWidget::getContainerId();}}}

  * {{{GoogleEarthWidget::onInitSuccess()}}} and {{{GoogleEarthWidget::onInitFailure()}}} are now exposed as protected methods.

  * {{{GoogleEarthWidget::pluginReadyListeners}}} is now exposed as a protected member variable.
----
==3.0.9==
===Released: May 11, 2012===
  * Minor updates eliminating the need to provide an API key when loading the Google Earth API:
    * Updated {{{com.nitrousgwt.earth.client.api.GoogleEarth}}}
      * deprecated {{{loadApi(key, Runnable)}}}
      * added {{{loadApi(Runnable)}}}
    * Updated all sample code to use new {{{GoogleEarth::loadApi(Runnable)}}} method and removed API keys.
    * Minor !JavaDoc fixes.
----
==3.0.8==
===Released: Jan 30, 2012===
  * Adding support for the new Google Earth !JavaScript API 1.009 functions:
    * Added GETourPlayer.getLoop and GETourPlayer.setLoop
    * Added GETourPlayer.getCurrentSpeed and GETourPlayer.setCurrentSpeed.
    * Added GETourPlayer.getControl.
    * Added GETourPlayerControl.getVisiblity and GETourPlayerControl.setVisiblity.
  * Updated !JavaDoc to exclude demo classes.
  * Added KML tour demos
----
==3.0.7==
===Released: Nov 15, 2011===
  * Added Google Ajax API Loader (Issue 8)
  * Updated all demos to use Google Ajax API Loader
  * Fixed JSNI event callbacks for {{{MouseClickListener}}} in {{{GEEventEmitter}}}
  * Removed {{{GEHtmlDivBalloon::setContent(Widget)}}} as this method was experimental and not very useful.
  * Added demos: Placemark Click Demo, Drawing Demo, Balloon widget demo & Shim demo.
----
==3.0.6==
===Released: Sep 13, 2011===
  * Fixes for Issue 5: Return type of {{{KmlMouseEvent.getDidHitGlobe()}}} incorrect (GWT Developer Plugin + Internet Explorer). http://code.google.com/p/gwt-earth-3/issues/detail?id=5&can=1

  * Modified {{{GoogleEarthWidget}}} to be a {{{Composite}}} Widget.
----
==3.0.5==
===Released: Sep 5, 2011===
  * Fixed access modifier on {{{GoogleEarth::addEventListener}}} methods.
  * Fixed return type of {{{KmlEvent::getTarget()}}}
  * Added {{{getType()}}} to {{{GEAbstractBalloon}}}
  * Updated !JavaDoc for each demo to include a URL to the original !JavaScript demo.
  * Moved {{{getType()}}} from {{{KmlObject}}} to to {{{GESchemaObject}}}
  * Added {{{getTimeStamp()}}} to {{{KmlEvent}}}
  * Added many demos
----
==3.0.4==
===Released: Aug 30, 2011===
*IMPORTANT NOTE*: {{{ge.getWindow().setVisibility(true)}}} must now be called manually after the {{{GEPlugin}}} is loaded. Previously, the {{{GoogleEarthWidget}}} was calling this automatically but that code has now been removed.

  * Added !GoogleEarth class that provides the {{{google.earth}}} namespace functionality.
  * Added batch execution support.
  * Added demos
  * Fixed method access modifiers in {{{KmlExtrudableGeometry}}}
  * Fixed some !JavaDoc links
  * Modified {{{GoogleEarthWidget}}} to use the new {{{GoogleEarth}}} class for {{{google.earth}}} namespace function calls such as {{{createInstance()}}}
----
==3.0.3==
===Released: Aug 25, 2011===
This version adds support for all Event Handling offered by Google Earth 3. 
----
==3.0.2==
===Released: Aug 21, 2011===
  * Issue 3:{{{GESchemaObjectContainer::replaceChild(oldChild, newChild)}}} is broken
  * Added more sample code.
----
==3.0.1==
===Released: Jun 11, 2011===
This is the very first build that you can use to get started with the code. The majority of the code is currently untested.